
ECONOMICS!!!!!!!!

Ron Adner
Title: Disruptive technologies and the emergence of competition
Authors and Publication Info: R Adner, P Zemsky - RAND Journal of Economics, 2005 - JSTOR

Title: [PDF][PDF] What Is Not A Real Option: Considering Boundaries for the Application of Real Options to Business Strategy
Authors and Publication Info: R Adner, DA Levinthal - … OF CRITICAL WRITINGS IN ECONOMICS, 2005 - researchgate.net

Title: [CITATION][C] Forthcoming. Disruptive Technologies and the Emergence of Competition
Authors and Publication Info: R Adner, P Zemsky - Rand Journal of Economics

Pino Audia
Sydney Finkelstein
Title: [CITATION][C] Integrating Strategic, Organizational and Human Resource Perspectives on Mergers and Acquisitions: A Case Survey of Synergy Realization
Authors and Publication Info: R Larsson, S Finkelstein - 1995 - … Research, School of Economics and …

Giovanni Gavetti
Title: Toward formal representations of search processes and routines in organizational problem solving: an assessment of the state-of-the-art
Authors and Publication Info: G Dosi, M Faillo, L Marengo… - … Journal of Economics, 2011 - papers.ssrn.com

Title: [CITATION][C] Technological advance as an evolutionary process
Authors and Publication Info: G Dosi, R Nelson - … economics …, 2018 - Cambridge University Press …

Vijay Govindarajan
Constance E Helfat
Title: External management succession, human capital, and firm performance: An integrative analysis
Authors and Publication Info: EE Bailey, CE Helfat - Managerial and decision economics, 2003 - Wiley Online Library

Title: Vertical integration and risk reduction
Authors and Publication Info: CE Helfat, DJ Teece - The Journal of Law, Economics, and …, 1987 - academic.oup.com

Title: Investment in offshore oil by diversified petroleum companies
Authors and Publication Info: CE Helfat - The Journal of Industrial Economics, 1989 - JSTOR

Title: [CITATION][C] The behavior and capabilities of firms
Authors and Publication Info: CE Helfat - Modern evolutionary economics …, 2018 - Cambridge University Press New …

Hart Posen
Ella L.J. Bell Smith
John M Doris
Title: Toward an experimental foundation for benefit-cost analysis
Authors and Publication Info: JM Gowdy - Ecological Economics, 2007 - Elsevier

Title: A micro-costing or'bottom-up'approach to measuring nursing costs using data from electronic health records
Authors and Publication Info: JM Welton, P Jenkins, MC Perraillon - Nursing Economics, 2018 - go.gale.com

Title: The total economic value of threatened, endangered and rare species: an updated meta-analysis
Authors and Publication Info: L Richardson, J Loomis - Ecological economics, 2009 - Elsevier

Title: Fred Wellmer—matchless mineral mentor
Authors and Publication Info: JH DeYoung Jr - Mineral Economics, 2022 - Springer

Title: Advertising and competition in the ethical pharmaceutical industry: the case of antihypertensive drugs
Authors and Publication Info: JA Rizzo - The Journal of Law and Economics, 1999 - journals.uchicago.edu

Title: Creating the accessible city: Proposals for providing housing and transportation for low income, elderly and disabled people
Authors and Publication Info: JI Gilderbloom, MS Rosentraub - … journal of Economics and …, 1990 - Wiley Online Library

Title: A Methodology to Collect and Assess Data for Characterization of a Company's Hydrocarbon Resource Base
Authors and Publication Info: JD Bolling, ML McKee, DF Reiter… - … Hydrocarbon Economics …, 2001 - onepetro.org

Title: A spatial analysis of primary health care markets in rural areas
Authors and Publication Info: PA Cowper, JE Kushman - … Journal of Agricultural Economics, 1987 - Wiley Online Library

Eric Abrahamson
Title: [PDF][PDF] Managerial discretion and firm performance in China's listed firms
Authors and Publication Info: EC Chang, SML Wong - … of Business and Economics, The University of …, 2003 - hiebs.hku.hk

Title: The likelihood of the consistency of collective rankings under preferences aggregation with four alternatives using scoring rules: a general formula and the optimal …
Authors and Publication Info: E Kamwa, V Merlin - Computational Economics, 2019 - Springer

Modupe Akinola
Daniel Ames
Title: [PDF][PDF] IFRS adoption and accounting quality: The case of South Africa
Authors and Publication Info: D Ames - Journal of Applied Economics and Business Research, 2013 - researchgate.net

Title: The Impact of Analysts' Forecasts on Loan Terms: Past Behavior and Implications for the Pandemic.
Authors and Publication Info: D Ames, J Coyne, D Stice - Journal of Applied Economics & …, 2020 - search.ebscohost.com

Title: Earnings Management and Subsequent Risk Assessments: Evidence from the Property-Casualty Insurance Industry.
Authors and Publication Info: D Ames, J Rich, J Sankara… - … of Applied Economics & …, 2019 - search.ebscohost.com

Title: Alternative calibration and auction institutions for predicting consumer willingness to pay for nongenetically modified corn chips
Authors and Publication Info: JL Lusk, MS Daniel, DR Mark, CL Lusk - … and Resource Economics, 2001 - JSTOR

Title: Quality Review of Mass Adjudication: A Randomized Natural Experiment at the Board of Veterans Appeals, 2003–16
Authors and Publication Info: DE Ho, C Handan-Nader, D Ames… - … of Law, Economics …, 2019 - academic.oup.com

Title: [CITATION][C] Ward, Ronald W. and Richard L. Kilmer. The Citrus Industry: A Domestic and International Economic Perspective. Ames: Iowa State University Press, 1989 …
Authors and Publication Info: DS Tilley - American Journal of Agricultural Economics, 1990 - econpapers.repec.org

Title: [CITATION][C] Shaffer, Ron. Community Economics: Economic Structure and Change in Smaller Communities. Ames: Iowa State University Press, 1989, 322 pp., price …
Authors and Publication Info: DM Otto - American Journal of Agricultural Economics, 1990 - econpapers.repec.org

Title: Estimating price variability in agriculture: implications for decision makers
Authors and Publication Info: DE Ray, JW Richardson, G Daniel… - … and Applied Economics, 1998 - cambridge.org

Joel Brockner
Meyer Feldberg
Adam Galinsky
Kathryn Harrigan
Title: Geographic fragmentation and declining dominance: Yet another story of AT&T's decline in the post-divestiture era
Authors and Publication Info: L Manral, KR Harrigan - Journal of Evolutionary Economics, 2023 - Springer

Title: The structure of the American economy
Authors and Publication Info: EON Fisher, KG Marshall - Review of International Economics, 2011 - Wiley Online Library

Title: [PDF][PDF] The family satisfaction of business-owning families
Authors and Publication Info: JY Rha, K Stafford - Journal of Korean Home Economics Association …, 2001 - Citeseer

Title: International productivity and factor price comparisons
Authors and Publication Info: KG Marshall - Journal of International Economics, 2012 - Elsevier

E Tory Higgins
Title: What is value? Where does it come from? A psychological perspective
Authors and Publication Info: ET Higgins - Handbook of value: Perspectives from economics …, 2015 - books.google.com

Title: How regulatory fit creates value
Authors and Publication Info: ET Higgins - Social psychology and economics, 2013 - taylorfrancis.com

Title: Rationalizing self-defeating behaviors: theory and evidence
Authors and Publication Info: LJ Lefgren, OB Stoddard, JE Stovall - Journal of health economics, 2021 - Elsevier

Title: Height and leadership
Authors and Publication Info: E Lindqvist - Review of Economics and statistics, 2012 - direct.mit.edu

Title: Agency costs and dividend payout ratios
Authors and Publication Info: WP Lloyd, JS Jahera, DE Page - … Journal of Business and Economics, 1985 - JSTOR

Title: Spatial effects on the youth unemployment rate: the case of eastern and western Russian regions
Authors and Publication Info: O Demidova, E Marelli, M Signorelli - … European Economics, 2013 - Taylor & Francis

Title: The advantage of scoring just before the half-time break—Pure myth? Quasi-experimental evidence from european football
Authors and Publication Info: …, R Flepp, M Ruedisser, E Franck - … of Sports Economics, 2020 - journals.sagepub.com

Title: A positive analysis of the doctrine of separation of powers, or: Why do we have an independent judiciary?
Authors and Publication Info: EM Salzberger - International Review of Law and Economics, 1993 - Elsevier

Title: Biodiversity and economic land use
Authors and Publication Info: MA Cole, RJR Elliott, E Strobl - Land Economics, 2021 - le.uwpress.org

Raymond Horton
Title: WHAT SUBJECTIVE RATIONALITY MEANS
Authors and Publication Info: R Boudon - Economics, Bounded Rationality and the Cognitive …, 1992 - books.google.com

Paul Ingram
Sheena Iyengar
Bruce Kogut
Stephan Meier
Malia Mason
Michael Morris
Sushil Bikchandani
M Keith Chen
Magali Delmas
Marvin Lieberman
John W Mamer
Mariko Sakakibara
Olav Sorenson
Wes Yin
Pierre Azoulay
Title: Superstar extinction
Authors and Publication Info: P Azoulay, JS Graff Zivin, J Wang - … Journal of Economics, 2010 - academic.oup.com

Title: Incentives and creativity: evidence from the academic life sciences
Authors and Publication Info: P Azoulay, JS Graff Zivin… - … Journal of Economics, 2011 - Wiley Online Library

Title: THE IMPACT OF ACADEMIC PATENTING ON THE RATE, QUALITY AND DIRECTION OF (PUBLIC) RESEARCH OUTPUT*
Authors and Publication Info: P Azoulay, W Ding, T Stuart - … Journal of Industrial Economics, 2009 - Wiley Online Library

Title: Consumption externalities and diffusion in pharmaceutical markets: antiulcer drugs
Authors and Publication Info: …, RS Pindyck, P Azoulay - … of Industrial Economics, 2003 - Wiley Online Library

Title: Do pharmaceutical sales respond to scientific evidence?
Authors and Publication Info: P Azoulay - Journal of Economics & Management Strategy, 2002 - Wiley Online Library

Title: Retractions
Authors and Publication Info: P Azoulay, JL Furman, Krieger… - Review of Economics and …, 2015 - direct.mit.edu

Title: [CITATION][C] 14. Technological Innovation and Organizations
Authors and Publication Info: P Azoulay, J Lerner - The handbook of organizational economics, 2013 - cir.nii.ac.jp

Title: [CITATION][C] Incentives and Creativity: Evidence from the Howard Hughes Medical Investigator Program
Authors and Publication Info: P Azoulay, JG Zivin, G Manso - The RAND Journal of Economics, 2011

Title: [CITATION][C] Superstar Extinction
Authors and Publication Info: A Pierre, ZJS Graff, W Jialan - Quarterly Journal of Economics, 2010

Title: [CITATION][C] Con sumption externalities and diffusion in pharmaceu tical markets: Antiulcer drugs
Authors and Publication Info: ER Berndt, RS Pindyck, P Azoulay - Journal of Industrial Economics, 2003

Michael Cusumano
Title: [CITATION][C] Learning to get larger and better: Growth strategies and capabilities of new companies
Authors and Publication Info: G von Krogh, MA Cusumano - … School of Economics …, 2000 - research-collection.ethz.ch

Title: [CITATION][C] Product Development Performance--Strategy, Organization, and Management in the World Auto Industry/Kim B. Clark and Takahiro Fujimoto (1991)
Authors and Publication Info: MA Cusumano - 経済学論集= The journal of economics, 1992 - cir.nii.ac.jp

Title: Platform economics: Essays on multi-sided businesses
Authors and Publication Info: DS Evans, R Schmalensee, MD Noel, HH Chang… - Platform Economics …, 2014 - zbw.eu

Title: Peer-to-peer electricity trading and the sharing economy: Social, markets and regulatory perspectives
Authors and Publication Info: A Schneiders, MJ Fell, C Nolden - … Sources, Part B: Economics …, 2022 - Taylor & Francis

Title: Innovation and design for six sigma
Authors and Publication Info: M Arendt - Economics And Organization of Enterprise, 2009 - access.portico.org

Title: ADVANCES IN LOGISTICS AND THE GROWTH OF INTRA‐FIRM TRADE: THE CASE OF CANADIAN AFFILIATES OF US MULTINATIONALS, 1984–1995*
Authors and Publication Info: MP Keane, SE Feinberg - The Journal of Industrial Economics, 2007 - Wiley Online Library

Title: [PDF][PDF] Hybrid strategies and firm specific individualization: Theoretically linking generic concepts, activities and resources
Authors and Publication Info: M Zellner - … Sciences 2011-Innovation in Engineering, Economics …, 2011 - d-nb.info

Title: A New Classification of Risk-Reduction Options to Improve the Risk-Reduction Readiness of the Railway Industry
Authors and Publication Info: E Weli, M Todinov - International Journal of Economics and …, 2013 - publications.waset.org

Fiona E Murray
Title: Retractions
Authors and Publication Info: …, JL Furman, Krieger, F Murray - Review of Economics and …, 2015 - direct.mit.edu

Title: Women's market work and household status in rural China: Evidence from Jiangsu and Shandong in the late 1990s
Authors and Publication Info: F MacPhail, X Dong - Feminist Economics, 2007 - Taylor & Francis

Title: [HTML][HTML] Trade liberalization and local labor market adjustment in South Africa
Authors and Publication Info: B Erten, J Leight, F Tregenna - Journal of International Economics, 2019 - Elsevier

Title: [HTML][HTML] A systematic review of cost-of-illness studies of multimorbidity
Authors and Publication Info: L Wang, L Si, F Cocker, AJ Palmer… - Applied health economics …, 2018 - Springer

Title: Mortality inequality, spatial differences and health care access
Authors and Publication Info: K Atalay, R Edwards, F Georgiakakis - Health Economics, 2023 - Wiley Online Library

Title: [HTML][HTML] Are national commitments to reducing emissions from forests effective? Lessons from Indonesia
Authors and Publication Info: F Meehan, L Tacconi, K Budiningsih - Forest Policy and Economics, 2019 - Elsevier

Title: Catch-22 in a signalling game
Authors and Publication Info: F Carmichael - Journal of Institutional and Theoretical Economics  …, 2002 - JSTOR

Title: Entry and predation: British shipping cartels 1879–1929
Authors and Publication Info: FS Morton - Journal of Economics & Management Strategy, 1997 - Wiley Online Library

Title: [PDF][PDF] Six decades of agricultural and resource economics in Australia: an analysis of trends in topics, authorship and collaboration
Authors and Publication Info: M Polyakov, FL Gibson… - … Economics: n/an …, 2016 - research-repository.uwa.edu.au

Edward Roberts
Title: [HTML][HTML] Impact of market conditions on the effectiveness of payments for forest-based carbon sequestration
Authors and Publication Info: SH Cho, J Lee, R Roberts, TY Edward… - … Policy and Economics, 2018 - Elsevier

Title: [CITATION][C] Empirical economics acknowledges the cooperation of
Authors and Publication Info: …, G Manfred, M Gramlich Edward, G Edward - … Economics, 1998 - Springer

Title: [HTML][HTML] Does institutional ownership affect the cost of bank borrowing?
Authors and Publication Info: G Roberts, LE Yuan - Journal of Economics and Business, 2010 - Elsevier

Title: Robert M. Solow's neoclassical growth model: An influential contribution to economics
Authors and Publication Info: EC Prescott - The Scandinavian Journal of Economics, 1988 - JSTOR

Title: Efficiency of multinational banks: an empirical investigation
Authors and Publication Info: C Edward Chang, I Hasan… - … Financial Economics, 1998 - Taylor & Francis

Title: Risk effects of alternative winter cover crop, tillage, and nitrogen fertilization systems in cotton production
Authors and Publication Info: JA Larson, EC Jaenicke, RK Roberts… - … and Applied Economics, 2001 - cambridge.org

Title: [CITATION][C] … [to Part V] Entrepreneurship, innovation, and the growth mechanism of the free-market economies: edited by Eytan Sheshinsky, Robert J. Strom, and …
Authors and Publication Info: E Wolff - Economics, 2007 - nyuscholars.nyu.edu

Title: … of Liberation: Contestation and Compromise in the Economic and Social Policy of the African National Congress, 1943-1996, by Vishnu Padayachee & Robert Van …
Authors and Publication Info: E Webster - African Review of Economics and Finance, 2020 - journals.co.za

Title: [CITATION][C] Family forest land availability for the production of ecosystem in Mississippi, United Stated
Authors and Publication Info: M EDWARD, KG ROBERT, LG DONALD - Forest Policy and Economics, 2016

Title: [CITATION][C] The Demand for Meat: A System-wide Approach
Authors and Publication Info: EJ Roberts - 1990 - … of Economics, The University of WA

Scott Stern
Title: Incumbency and R&D incentives: Licensing the gale of creative destruction
Authors and Publication Info: JS Gans, S Stern - … of Economics & Management Strategy, 2000 - Wiley Online Library

Title: [PDF][PDF] The impact of artificial intelligence on innovation: An exploratory analysis
Authors and Publication Info: IM Cockburn, R Henderson, S Stern - … economics of artificial intelligence …, 2018 - nber.org

Title: When does funding research by smaller firms bear fruit?: Evidence from the SBIR program
Authors and Publication Info: J Gans, S Stern - Economics of Innovation and New Technology, 2003 - Taylor & Francis

Title: Urban productivity and factor growth in the late nineteenth century
Authors and Publication Info: RW Bostic, JS Gans, S Stern - Journal of urban economics, 1997 - Elsevier

Title: 4. The impact of artificial intelligence on innovation: An exploratory analysis
Authors and Publication Info: IM Cockburn, R Henderson, S Stern - The economics of artificial …, 2019 - degruyter.com

Title: Disclosure or secrecy? The economics of open science
Authors and Publication Info: A Mukherjee, S Stern - The Economics of Open Science (July 5 …, 2007 - papers.ssrn.com

Title: [PDF][PDF] Introduction to the Special Issue on Economics and Strategy of Entrepreneurship
Authors and Publication Info: T Hellmann, S Stern - Journal of Economics & Management Strategy, 2009 - core.ac.uk

Title: Intellectual Property: When Is It the Best Incentive System?
Authors and Publication Info: A Jaffe, J Lerner, S Stern - … Contributions to Economics, 2017 - books.google.com

Eric Arthur von Hippel
Title: [HTML][HTML] Towards a characterization of crowdsourcing practices
Authors and Publication Info: E Schenk, C Guittard - Journal of Innovation Economics Management, 2011 - cairn.info

Title: [HTML][HTML] Collective invention and inventor networks
Authors and Publication Info: WW Powell, E Giannella - Handbook of the Economics of Innovation, 2010 - Elsevier

Title: [PDF][PDF] 10. Emergence of path-dependent mixed economies in Central Europe
Authors and Publication Info: B Chavance, E Magnin - … in institutional and evolutionary economics, 1997 - library.fa.ru

Ezra W Zuckerman Sivan
Ramon Casadesus-Masanell
Juan Alcacer
Bharat N Anand
Felix Oberholzer-Gee
Michael E Porter
Jan W Rivkin
Rebecca M Henderson
Raffaella Sadun
Tarun Khanna
Eric J Van den Steen
